how to choose a doctor choosing a doctor
is among the most important decisions
you'll make found to make it an informed
decision obviously you'll begin with the
references of friends and colleagues
this is followed by the reputation of
the hospital or clinic the doctor works
for then comes the doctor can he or she
provide a holistic patient experience
your doctor may have a lot of knowledge
but you should pack with empathy and
care dr. C London profession can do this
here's a simple formula to find out if
your doctor's approach is the right one
you can check it yourself let me give
you the checklist it's called love them
listen does your doctor listen to you
patiently observe does your doctor
observe your condition carefully
verifying the CRC verify the
observations against the symptoms
examine does your doctor examine you
thoroughly and completely diagnose does
your doctor diagnose the ailment
correctly overview does your doctor give
you a complete overview of your
condition conclusion does your doctor
offer a concrete conclusion and a future
course of action so the next time you
meet a doctor applied the love dot
checklist if your doctor does well in
this checklist he or she is a good
decision the loved object list is a
proprietary tool developed by eye care
clinics to augment doctor-patient
communication watch this space for more
useful topics that will help you lead a
healthier happier life I care clinics by
landmark group Dubai